hello I am security guard unit 20 and I
will be the host of the colossal gold
lumination there will be lots of
eliminations challenges contestants and
more now let me show you around this is
where the contestants will eat but there
are different places to eat it as well
this is the elimination center where
people will face elimination and finally
when a person is eliminated the
eliminated contestant will go into this
room and stay opt into this portal and
will be lead to a hotel now that I
showed you some things let's go meet the
20 contestants
and those are all of the 20 contestants
now let's get started hello contestants
I am security guard unit tiny and I
won't be opposed to get started I would
like you all to write your names in a
little piece of paper then put them in
the car after everyone has told their
names up I will mix them in a car and
select two people to be team captains
I'll get started all right now that
everyone's told their names and and I
mixed a names I will select two people
to be team captains here I go the first
deep captain is magic yay I can't
believe I have been selected now to
select the second team captain
the second team captain examity yes
everything is awesome now that two
people are selected to be team captains
madam come you two both New York team
master method go to the purple map and
Houston to in the green map now choose
with me in your team members I choose
Cynthia
she's very kind and very tough
I choose Moby he seems pretty cool
I choose Raven because her magic is
pretty wicked
let's choose spongebob because he is
very funny how about Edward Kenway hey
Emmet can we have Patrick - why not
I choose Tomcat then I choose Jerry
Mouse I choose Mordecai because he knows
how to make right choices then I choose
Rigby
I choose Hank because his shows from
Adult Swim just like mine
I choose Tim because he has friends with
Moby
Stan because of the same reason why I
picked Hank
let's pick Pizza Steve because he is
tasty I mean cool
let's choose Alana because he's very
funny
we will also choose a funny guy like
Dudley puppy mr. incredible he is muscle
okay I guess we will have johnny test on
our team being picked last
seriously okay now that everyone has
been selected they will have a team name
format esteem you're called the soul
eaters and for how much team
you are the master-builders the first
challenge is a coin toss why because we
haven't blow the challenge yet so
leaders will be heads and
master-builders will be tails
the winning team will be immune but the
losing team will face elimination
Ready Set toss the coin
and the coin lands on heads which means
the soul eaters has won which means the
master-builders will face elimination
however since Emmet lost selected he
gets immunity but everyone else is
facing elimination vote for any of the
masterbuilder members except Emmet to be
eliminated
oh and also request me any good
challenges I can accept and the
contestants will do the requested
challenge thank you thanks for watching
see you on the next video
you